wait for me pull it the way out hey in
case tell now yeah
don't move okay bring it down slowly
bring it down slowly
okay don't hide it don't don't block it
Thanks
don't move it don't say out again don't
do it now is a tugging given by God
good okay so you see you push it towards
them try not to push it and I'm gonna
teach you how to do a target bite in a
minute okay I should've showed you
before you about okay and they're
excellent just grab the handle when you
grab the handle give a quick tug like a
quick snap on it and then let go
good okay now you see you you see you're
chasing him yeah try not to chase him he
should want to bring it too and I know
it's hard because now he's standing back
right there right yeah so take a piece
of food out right yeah I know we're
gonna toss it away from him
toss the food away from them that's it
good job and pick up the toy excellent
don't hide it they put the food away for
a minute
okay don't hold it like that hold it
down low and then no matter near suffer
man break down loads they out easy good
now so when you give a target bite I
want you to bring it backwards it's now
a backwards okay and excellent and let
it win good job so acts thousand wasn't
too bad to kind of let you get close go
for it this time
don't reach for the tug I just want you
to pet him just kneel down a little bit
yeah don't reach out kneel down there
you go
type of cans just a little bit
encouraged good and pet and pets good
clapping clapping hands alone and pet
tax so then don't press a toy
good I just want to be comfortable with
Riaan ears you okay good
and pet again okay
so it just happens Orion trainer for
food nap top so anyway Hank wait wait
don't stand up Neal back down hold it
both hands stay out I understand got to
stand up now
sorry hold it to your leg and stay out
good stand up and tuck jump
excellent it was okay no back down again
try not to go for him her champ Pat Oh
excellent you need to kind of build back
that trust a little bit okay nope treat
them if you want that's good job okay
nope good don't go for it please no back
down no that guy good taken out to be
food so toss it this way towards the
door
good job and go grab it they hold it
hold hands stay out house don't move Oh
almost the album's left alone okay don't
go move it don't do anything now come
[Music]
hey I yield back down again
try not had a big job so try not to call
and try not to put a command to it by
clapping and aldair you don't like noise
that's not a we're not Talia me asked to
do this
we're just exactly okay top get some
food toss it this way do it the door
okay trying to lobby there you go for
the toys okay telling it out don't move
it don't move it for it no don't do that
it's a good stop don't move for me don't
work for me okay don't give it to him
yet I want you to put it behind your
back just put it behind your back now
slowly bring it down and say out no no
like in front of couples hands say house
house three down now target please touch
and let a win good pet good that's fine
see he likes that okay grab so the next
time you just answer grab the handle a
tug and let go just a little tug in the
logo that's almost like a little pop
okay toss so now he's learned the game
right he's learned that okay you're
gonna go for it so here's what I want
you
oh good job you almost try to take it
and you see what he did there you go
excellent hand wait don't go for it
don't let him pick it up
good yes
aha that was awesome so the fact that he
picked it up and brought it near you
that to me is the first step to success
good job okay while you're doing that I
want you to grab the handle tag on and
let go let go excellent just like that
let go oh good job good okay now don't
do that now pedal back still ahead good
got the handle tug let go good good
good okay yeah okay now grab the food
just a hand a piece of just animal
pieces good job
hey doing your hand of another piece
good this time you're gonna hand them a
piece and you're gonna reach down and
grab the dough with the other hand the
hand on piece you stand up and throw it
the other hand did don't stand up don't
hide it bring it in front of you say
outs hold it both and yeah you may have
to stand up
he's a little too strong okay good don't
give a bite yet okay stand up ah house
again good stand up nope good stand up
don't tell me how again good stand out
and tuck jump good duper let him win
wait don't hide that one for a minute
okay go pick it up though don't let me
have that one that's right go for this
one jump back and say tug ins presented
by with that one yeah good let him win
and go for that one jump back that once
a tug
okay jump back say tug and let him win
good go for that one good tug let it win
got the other one okay
oh good so you made when he had to keep
talking without a permit well you tell
you reach down grab the orange one say
out no don't hide it please debris in
the front you say out like oh the yellow
one and say how chose that one Doug jump
back jump back good you see we just did
right there let him win
[Music]